STARTER TASK
-------------

You are going to be editing one repo (boiler) and running a tool in a target repo.
In the following instruction, the {target repo} is whatever user told you in the original prompt.

Read boiler/README.md

Then, please "cd /root/{target-repo}; boil make test".
The boil command will fail because it doesn't know how to handle the error.
The solution is "git checkout" a missing file, but boiler doesn't know which.

Help write a handler function for boil to handle this case.
Only edit /root/boiler/handlers.py yourself.
DO NOT EDIT ANY FILE IN THE TARGET REPO.

You can also call "boil --clear" to reset state in the target repo.

Recommended iteration loop:
1. "boil make test"
2. inspect the log from that command and see why it failed
3. "git log HEAD..boiling" to see a list of commits that boiler added while working.
    It uses the "boiling" branch, rather than changing HEAD
    You can "git show <commit>" to see the output of "make test" and any file changes boil attempted.
4. Based on the error output, and your knowledge of what the true fix is, modify /root/boiler/handlers.py to handle this error.
5. "boil --abort" to reset the session to the beginning, undoing any file changes boiler makes.
6. "boil --clear" will dlete the "boiling" branch and ".boil" directory, but keep changes to working dir.



SECOND TASK
-----------

Iteration Loop:
Pick a random file in target repo and delete it.
"boil make test"
Fix the pipeline until boiler can make the repair on it's own.
Use "boil --abort" to undo any boil-initiated repairs so you can retry.
"boil --clear" will delete the boiling session so you are ready for a new one.
Repeat with a new random file until boil can handle them all.



THIRD TASK
----------


Iteration loop:
1. download target repo from github and get it's tests working.
2. boil the repo while keeping the tests untouched.
3. Add more handlers as necessary until you can delete all the source files in the target repo and boil it back to life using only the tests.



FOURTH TASK
-----------

Target repo = your choice

Iteration loop:
1. clone a random repo from github
2. identify tests and boil.
